So in our app, the next thing we'd really
want to do is add navigation to our app.
And what we would like is,
we'd like to have multiple color
palettes that we can choose from.
And we would like when you press on the
color palette, we would like to open a new
screen where we can display
the details of the color palette.
That's basically what we want to get to.
So in order to do that, we need to
add navigation into our application.
You might be surprised to learn that
React Native actually has no navigation
built in.
You get nothing from default,
you have to use a library.
And this is actually because Facebook
themselves have their own really
customized navigation
solutions that's highly
coupled to how their application is built.
So this is why they didn't
include it in React Native.
There are two main
libraries to choose from,
they're called React Navigation and
React Native Navigation.
In terms of functionality,
they're built by different people.
But in terms of functionality,
they're pretty similar,
they both do the same thing.
I have used both of them.
The API on how we use them
is quite a bit different.
React Native Navigation
used to be more performant,
cuz it was hooking into the actual,
real native navigation,
whereas React Navigation was more
JavaScript magic over the top.
Whereas recently,
in the last two releases, I think,
they are fully native as well.
So there's no performance
benefits between them.
For this workshop, we're going to
be using React Navigation, and
that is because this is
what's built into Expo.
Now this is where whether using Expo or
not kind of comes in.
So if you're using Expo, and you don't
want to go out of your Expo safe space,
you'll have to use React Navigation
because React Native Navigation
has native dependencies that
you can't have by default.
So if you're using Expo and
you want to do React Native Navigation,
you'll have to eject from Expo.
And there's a chapter later on
that you can read more about it.